`hackathons`: Add SOSP'23 tutorial (#236)
unikraft/docs: content/en/community/hackathons/2023-10-sosp/behind-scenes/index.md

---
title: Behind the Scenes
date: 2023-04-13T05:33:37+10:00
weight: 3
summary: "We take a look inside Unikraft internals - its build system and runtime infrastructure. Expected time 75min."
---

## Overview

> In this session we take a look of what's happening behind the scenes when building and running Unikraft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this session we take a look to what's happening behind the scenes when building and running Unikraft applications.
```
